docs/todo.md, before:

# Week 1: 23.6.
- [x] Finish movement mechanics
  - [x] Walking
  - [x] Wall Jumping
  - [x] Skills
    - [x] Double Jump
    - [x] Dashing
  - [x] Climbing
  - [x] Running
- [ ] Design HUD (Figma for now)
  - [x] Health Bar
  - [ ] Gold tracker
  - [x] Ability availability (for now, mostly for wall jumping)
- [x] Brainstorm mechanics limiting unlimited casting
  - Mana / Cooldowns / Charges per match / Self-inflicted damage


# Week 2: 30.6.
- [ ] Enemy
  - [ ] Basic Enemy Code (Beans for now)
    - [x] Walk toward player, explode on contact
    - [ ] Archer, stationary, shoots arrows at player
    - [ ] Mage, stationary, shoots fireballs at player
    - [ ] Swordsman, walks toward player, attacks with sword
  - [ ] Boss 
    - [ ] 3 boss mechanic ideas


# Week 3: 7.7.
- Week 2 harder than expected -> continue working on enemies
- [x] Weapons
  - [x] Axe
    - [x] Throwing
    - [x] Spinning on flying
    - [x] Stuck in wall
    - [x] Can be picked up again
  - [x] Bouncy ball, explodes on impact with enemy or after timeout
  - [x] Drop Weapon option
  
# Week 4: 14.7.
- [ ] Design and implement inventory system
  - [ ] Inventory UI
  - [ ] Item management (add/remove items)
  - [ ] Item types (weapons, potions, etc.)
- [x] Fix weapon pickup
  - [x] Can't pick up after leaving the area
  - [x] If leave pickup range of one weapon, other weapon still can be picked up 
- [ ] Make custom bounciness reusable, not only for bouncy ball

# Unassigned
## Gameplay mechanics
- [ ] Spell functionality
- [ ] Spell casting
- [ ] Weapons
- [ ] Enemies
- [ ] Inventory
## Design
- [ ] Art
  - [ ] Player
  - [ ] Obstacles
  - [ ] Enemies
- [ ] Inventory UI
- [ ] Spell UI
## Game mechanics
- [ ] Scene swapping
- [ ] Game state management
- [ ] Progress Manager
  - [ ] Unlockable skills
  - [ ] Levels

## Audio
- [ ] Audio manager
- [ ] Soundtrack
- [ ] Sound effects
  - [ ] Player (Grunt for jump/attack/dash, voice lines)
  - [ ] Enemies (Grunt for attack, death)
  - [ ] Environment (Footsteps, wall jump, etc.)

Commit message:

docs: Defined new TODO tasks

docs/todo.md, after:

# Week 1: 23.6.
- [x] Finish movement mechanics
  - [x] Walking
  - [x] Wall Jumping
  - [x] Skills
    - [x] Double Jump
    - [x] Dashing
  - [x] Climbing
  - [x] Running
- [ ] Design HUD (Figma for now)
  - [x] Health Bar
  - [ ] Gold tracker
  - [x] Ability availability (for now, mostly for wall jumping)
- [x] Brainstorm mechanics limiting unlimited casting
  - Mana / Cooldowns / Charges per match / Self-inflicted damage


# Week 2: 30.6.
- [ ] Enemy
  - [ ] Basic Enemy Code (Beans for now)
    - [x] Walk toward player, explode on contact
    - [ ] Archer, stationary, shoots arrows at player
    - [ ] Mage, stationary, shoots fireballs at player
    - [ ] Swordsman, walks toward player, attacks with sword
  - [ ] Boss 
    - [ ] 3 boss mechanic ideas


# Week 3: 7.7.
- Week 2 harder than expected -> continue working on enemies
- [x] Weapons
  - [x] Axe
    - [x] Throwing
    - [x] Spinning on flying
    - [x] Stuck in wall
    - [x] Can be picked up again
  - [x] Bouncy ball, explodes on impact with enemy or after timeout
  - [x] Drop Weapon option
  
# Week 4: 14.7.
- [ ] Design and implement inventory system
  - [ ] Inventory UI
  - [ ] Item management (add/remove items)
  - [ ] Item types (weapons, potions, etc.)
- [x] Fix weapon pickup
  - [x] Can't pick up after leaving the area
  - [x] If leave pickup range of one weapon, other weapon still can be picked up 
- [ ] Make custom bounciness reusable, not only for bouncy ball

# Okay, weekly goals don't work as I don't have time to work on this every week, so let's just make a todo list
## Movement 
### Jumping
- [ ] Higher gravity when falling

## Spells and weapons
- [ ] Every prefab should have an icon attribute, then display active weapon and spell icon in the HUD
## Camera
- [ ] Zoom out when idle
- [ ] Differentiate idle and moving camera for smoother transition back from lookahead
## Tilemap
- [ ] Fix ball stuck in the wall

## Spells
- [ ] Spell functionality
- [ ] Spell casting
- [ ] Spells
  - [ ] Fireball
  - [ ] Ice Spike from the ground
  - [ ] Force blast
  
## Design
- [ ] Art
  - [ ] Player
  - [ ] Obstacles
  - [ ] Enemies
- [ ] Inventory UI
- [ ] Spell UI
## Game mechanics
- [ ] Scene swapping
- [ ] Game state management
- [ ] Progress Manager
  - [ ] Unlockable skills
  - [ ] Levels

## Audio
- [ ] Audio manager
- [ ] Soundtrack
- [ ] Sound effects
  - [ ] Player (Grunt for jump/attack/dash, voice lines)
  - [ ] Enemies (Grunt for attack, death)
  - [ ] Environment (Footsteps, wall jump, etc.)
